Define path-to-referenced-charts target in Makefile files. (#2850)
kyma-project/kyma: tools/README.md

# Tools

> 

Reviewer: Please add the `## Overview` section. You can base on the Overview documents of [components](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/components/README.md) and [tests](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/tests/README.md). For the time being, you do not have to elaborate on the tools readme that much.

> ## Development

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Development

Follow [this](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/resources/README.md#development) development guide when you add a new tool to the `kyma` repository.
```

## Overview

> The `tools` directory contains the sources for all Kyma tools, small scripts containing functionality supporting the Kyma.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `tools` directory contains sources for all tools that provide supporting functionalities for Kyma.
```
